S
WITHNN C NL
PONDENALEX MARDTARE.
HE'S OVECLL WHEN THE.
SO ALEX,E TH S J ANDOUT THE CONT
BY THE AIR I
FROM GAZA.
WE SEEING ON THE
S THIS WAR NOW IS
UN?
WWH TO
ABFI RESPONSE THAT PRIME
MINISTER NETANYAHUWITH MAJORST T
NEXT.
THIS UP HERE IS THE NORTHERN
RDER OF ISRA LEBANON,
MAJOR QUESTIONS RIGHT NOW ABOUT
R HEZB ANOTHER
MILI G LIKIS AO  BY IRAN, WHETHR
OLVED  THIS FIGHTD OPENP A SECON
WE SAWISBY
ZBINTO ISRAEL TO
CARRIED OUT AN
TR SMALL
LAH FIGHTERS.
BUT THE AJORITY OF WHAT
WE'RE SEEING ID GAZA IN CENTRA
EL.
ISRAEL.KED BY HAMATHIS IS THZA,Y
SIEDITHBUT THERE BLOCKAD
WALLS AND IISOSE FENC TMAATS WO
OUT AND KILL SO MANY
PEOPLE.
AGAIN, THE ISRAELIS NG
OUERS
AG EE
ALONG THE P AS YOU
D.
THE DEATH TOLLIN 9SRAELIR,
ST 7ANS IN T
ZA.
SS IS REALLY, FIRST OF
WEEKISY EXTRAORDINARYANENTED.
IT'S WHY THEEASONS WHY THISIS A
RESPONSE FROM ISRAEL.NOW
INSIF
COUPLE O, WHATARE WEINELNE OF TE
MOST DENSELYSON EARTH.
THE QU NOW IWHETHEKEEVOLVE A GRO
AIRSTRIKES.
OUR REG TEAMS OFOLD US
THAT THEHAP
OFTA OF
THAT FOURTH.RANGE AROUNZAE ISRR
EY INTO DUTYTHIS I
AND RSTRIKES COULDBE SO DEADLY S
NSE.
ADS, REFUGEE CAMPS, IS, PEOPLE Y
LIVING HERE,
AROUNDILDREN.
IN JUS14
SO, CIVILIANS WILL ALMOST
CEAISISNTINUES AND
HAMAS HAT, IF
IS NO ISRAELI WARNIN THAT
E DOZENS OF HOES WE KNOW
AND THEN
BRA REALHIMESSAGE.
>>SR WARNINGRE THE ATTACKS.
THESEAESSENTIALL
TAKING PLACES GAZA.FE
THEY DO TWO TH
A ROOF KNOCK,
THAT B.WILL WARN THE
THHAVENUMBERS
OFHE RESID. CEITH SO THEMTHS
A MEE  IN ARABIC
SAW ETE HOUSOUED TO EVACUA NOW.
ISELS SANGSE DOING, HAMAS I
AI THAOSE MEAREN'T GET T THA
ISRAEL IS.
>> THERE WAS ALSO AN ATTACK,
ANN SQIN THE LDA SO.
TELL US ABOU WE KNOW
OU>> THE AND
WE'REING AT HERE  REFUGEE
THE NORTHWESTN PART OF TH S.
ARE WE HAVE SOME REMARKAEBE IS N
AT CAMP.
YOU CAN NOW SEAT NOW
JUST
,  REFUGEE
CAMP.
THIS IS  W
THAT ITHE BEFORE OF A
SATELLITE IMAGE, NOW OBVIOUSLYTY
DESTROYED THISE THIRD MOSQUE,
M SAME
FUGEWHY IS IG MOSQUES?
PAST CONFCTT USING CIVILIAN
FRDIS N
UES, THEIR HOLIEST PLA
R FORCES, BUT
MAINLY THEIR WEAPONS.
OF COURSE, WE HA SOU MISSILES BG